Fix link to Powergate guide (#352)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/build/start-building/interacting-with-the-network.md

## Running Powergate

> You can also run an IPFS node + Filecoin lotus node via Powergate ([more info about Powergate](https://docs.filecoin.io/build/tools/powergate)) which enables using IPFS for hot storage and retrieval. For dapp developers who want some of the details of Filecoin's storage market abstracted as a convenience, Powergate also offers a storage deal agent, multi-tenant wallets mapped to the node's key (required to execute storage deals), automated deal renewal and other additional features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also run an IPFS node + Filecoin lotus node via Powergate ([more info about Powergate](../tools/powergate.md)) which enables using IPFS for hot storage and retrieval. For dapp developers who want some of the details of Filecoin's storage market abstracted as a convenience, Powergate also offers a storage deal agent, multi-tenant wallets mapped to the node's key (required to execute storage deals), automated deal renewal and other additional features.
```

Relative links and the `.md` both keep the broken-link-checker happy within CI.

Author: Thanks for the clarification @johnnymatthews !
